Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
So, you can clearly read the movement...
on this seismograph, gentlemen.
It's recording movement
in the Earth's crust.
A small movement, but a movement
that I have induced scientifically.
You mean you're creating
a very small earthquake?
And that's not just the effect
caused by the explosion?
We can't be positive, General...
but you saw how
small charges of dynamite...
placed according to an analysis
of the weakness of the area...
caused earth tremors. Here. Watch.
In this demonstration, we used
small explosions. Thus, we're in control.
We never tried it full-scale.
Prof. Warren is being too modest.
I feel he's very near to accomplishing
the ultimate goal of the Pluto Project.
The scientist is never satisfied
until the final step.
Our ultimate goal
is to control and eliminate earthquakes...
not create them.
I've even moved forward and predicted
the following upcoming quakes:
Chile, 1946. Panama, 1958.
California, 1971. Alaska, I972...
China, 1976, and Hawaii, 1981.
Incredible.
Our goal is to prevent,
not to cause earthquakes.
A hansom cab ride in Central Park...
chestnut vendors in Times Square...
the whole world spread out before you
from atop the Empire State Building.
Yes, even in this terrible war...
New York can be
a very lovely and romantic place.
Just remember you promised
to show me all of it.
Patience, my darling. Patience.
I have a very special week planned for us.
Mr. Fallon, I'm sorry,
but I've been asked to detain you.
Detain me? Why?
I'm traveling on a neutral passport.
Yes, I know and I'm sorry,
but I have my orders.
Yes, orders.
- What could they want with you?
- Don't worry.
- Will you follow me, please?
- One moment, please.
Darling, will you ring up
the Irish Legation?
Ask for Kevin Doyle. He's Chief of Protocol.
And be sure to tell him I'd appreciate it
if some fuss were made.
In fact, a very large fuss.
Diana, I wish you could have seen
Prof. Warren's demonstration.
Why, if control is perfected...
we could wipe out
the enemy's entire war production.
Boy, that sounds impressive.
It's a shame it has to be developed
during wartime.
His work could be so important
in promoting world peace and harmony.
- Maj. Trevor?
- Yes, sir.
We just got a call from Passport Control...
at La Guardia Airport, New York.
A man fitting the description of a major
enemy agent got through Customs.
They believe it's the notorious
international mercenary, the Falcon.
The Falcon?
How could he get through Customs?
They tried to detain him,
but he had a neutral passport.
Did they have time to put a tail
from Military Intelligence on him?
Not enough time apparently.
He slipped by them, too.
Pull the file on the Falcon,
will you, please?
Yes, sir.
Has Intelligence figured out yet
why he would be coming here?
Not yet.
Whatever it is, you can bet
that if a high-paid mercenary like him...
tries to get into the country...
he's after something important
and dangerous.
The last report we had on the Falcon
was out of India.
British Intelligence had evidence
that he kidnapped...
a vice consul there two weeks ago...
and a king's ransom in rubies
was exchanged for his return.
Was he traveling alone?
No, there was a woman with him.
Camilla Moret.
Go to Central Intelligence and get me
everything you can on both of them.
Yes, sir, right away.
Dinner for the Professor, Sergeant.
Let me check your pass.
I haven't seen you here before.
Must be new in the mess hall.
- Good night, Evans.
- Good night, sir.
- What have you got there?
- Steak, French fries, and coffee.
Steak?
- I haven't tasted steak in two months.
- Neither have I.
Too bad we're not more important
to the war effort.
I think you can go on in now.
Now, the integral between the limits...
of X1 and X2 equals...
Prof. Warren?
- Is it dinnertime already?
- Yes, it is.
You're much too preoccupied
with your research.
Just leave the tray, please. Thank you.
Now, let me see.
The harmonic equation equals...
I can see why your research
keeps you preoccupied, Professor.
The conclusions you're drawing from your
geological surveys are fascinating.
I beg your pardon?
I said, your conclusions are fascinating.
The study of the Earth's crust.
How natural forces can manipulate it,
how man can manipulate it.
Just who are you?
I represent an interested party, Professor.
A very interested and wealthy party.
Give me that. And get out of here.
Yes, of course.
But there is one thing I do want.
I'll take the Pluto File, please.
- The what?
- The Pluto File...
in exchange for $1 million...
in American currency or rare rubies.
Take your choice, Professor.
It's not for sale, at any price.
Neither am I.
Now get out of here.
Right. Then let's do this quietly,
Professor.
Sergeant!
Yes, sir?
Diana went through all the papers.
The Pluto File is missing.
The Professor's assistant, Charles Benson,
is on his way over...
to see if anything else is gone.
If Prof. Warren's experiments
can be deciphered...
then whoever has that Pluto File...
will soon be able to duplicate
a natural earthquake. Anywhere.
It could disrupt our entire war effort.
Whoever stole that file
knew exactly what he was looking for...
and that could be a more potent weapon
than any of the hardware we have now.
Yes, I understand.
Thank you very much, Doctor.
Maj. Trevor.
What's the report?
The doctor said Prof. Warren will be fine,
but he's still under sedation.
He's had quite a shock.
He'll be staying at Walter Reed Hospital
a day or two for observation.
Did the security detail at the hospital
check in with you?
Yes, there's a Marine guard
posted outside the door of his room.
It's an honor to be working with you.
The Falcon is a legend.
Regrettably true.
All right, back to Washington.
Now that we've verified
the Pluto File is real...
there's important work to be done.
Prof. Warren could become a nuisance.
Before we can proceed to our next step,
he must be eliminated.
General, am I glad I found you.
This just came in.
It concerns the all-points bulletin
put out on Camilla Moret.
She's been found?
She's in a hospital in New York.
In the isolation ward.
What's wrong with her?
What is it?
She's got bubonic plague.
All right, thank you.
The Falcon's lady friend
is still in isolation.
They'll tell us as soon as we can have
someone in New York question her.
- That may not be for days.
- That's not much help.
In any event, it looks as if
you have two assignments now:
You have to find out
what the Falcon is up to...
and we must get
those Pluto File papers back.
At least we have a start.
Maj. Trevor's office. Yes?
The guard on duty at Warren's lab
had a scuffle with the thief.
As the Professor's under sedation...
we'll see if the guard
can describe the assailant.
Excuse me, Maj. Trevor.
That Marine guard, Sgt. Evans,
he is in the isolation ward at the hospital.
- Isolation ward?
- Yes, sir.
Tell Dr. Barnes we'll be at the hospital
as soon as we can.
The sergeant who was
Prof. Warren's guard?
He's been unconscious
ever since they brought him here.
His pulse is irregular,
breathing is difficult and very hurried...
40 to 60 respirations a minute.
All the vital signs suggest
rapidly developing pneumonia.
Apparently, you don't believe
it's pneumonia.
The incubation is just too fast.
It could be very contagious.
In fact, it could be the bubonic plague.
The plague in 1942.
I know it sounds unlikely...
but the plague still pops up
every now and then.
You are aware of a recent case
in New York City?
- A woman named Moret.
- Yes.
The last known case before that
was reported out of India two weeks ago.
There may be more we don't know about...
but we try to keep up with these things,
what with the war and all.
What about Prof. Warren?
Is he gonna be all right?
Mild shock, a contusion. Nothing serious.
- Any plague symptoms?
- No, not one.
Yet he did come in contact
with the same thief that Marine guard did.
Do you think that's who
transmitted the plague?
Diana may be right.
But you said Prof. Warren
had no symptoms at all.
Is it possible to come in contact with
a carrier but not pick it up immediately?
Absolutely.
It hits some people overnight...
other people walk around with it
for weeks before it lays them out.
Steve, the last known case
occurred in India.
Our information tells us
that the Falcon was there...
at the same time.
That's true.
If that thief was the Falcon, we now know
his mission, or at least part of it.
And if it is the Falcon,
he's carrying the bubonic plague...
and doesn't know it.
Doctor, is it possible that we can ask
Prof. Warren a few questions?
He might be able to help us
identify that man.
He was sleeping last time I checked...
but the sedation should be wearing off
any time now.
He's in Room 203 if you want to look in.
I'll go. If he's up to any questions,
I'll let you know.
Thank you, Doctor.
One minute, Yeoman Prince.
Before you go...
would you mind coming down
to my office for an inoculation?
What?
Ladies first.
Thank you.
Yeoman Prince, Military Intelligence.
I'll just be a moment.
Professor.
You have discovered
the hope of the ancients.
Since time began,
man has sought that knowledge...
the knowledge
to still the Earth's tremors...
or to cause them to quake
with the energy of the sun.
Here is the target.
Near Bladensburg, Maryland,
15 miles from the Capitol.
Very tidy.
Benson, what do you estimate the radius
of the destructive force will be?
Once the primary target
is caused to destruct...
there shouldn't be a building left
standing within 25 miles.
Here, see.
If my calculations are correct...
we should be able...
to cause a fault...
around this line.
- Yes, go on.
- Around the primary target...
at a distance of five miles...
we should ring the perimeter...
at five or six selected
locations in the hills.
Ring the perimeter with?
Explosives.
Dynamite will do.
Very good, Benson.
You will be handsomely rewarded
for your indiscretion.
Right now, your primary duty...
is to maintain your innocence
and keep the good Professor's confidence.
Frank, can you do your job?
Just tell me how much dynamite you want
and where you want it.
Quite a coup, gentlemen.
Thanks to the Pluto Project...
we are about to have
a devastating explosion...
and induce the world's first
man-made earthquake.
Thank you very much.
That was Dr. Barnes.
The final lab results are back.
Sgt. Evans definitely has
the bubonic plague.
He's going to be all right,
but it's gonna take a while.
That's good news for Sgt. Evans.
We've got to find that thief before
he contaminates half of Washington.
There's no doubt in my mind
the Falcon stole that Pluto File.
How soon before we can check
his description with the Professor?
The Professor's out of the hospital
and is on his way back to the lab...
with increased military protection.
I'm glad Wonder Woman was there
to stop that assassination attempt.
Yeah, the Professor was lucky, all right.
That had to be the work of the Falcon, too.
Call Prof. Warren
and tell him we'll be right over.
Ask him to try and remember every detail
of his encounter with the thief.
Steve, there has to be a leak
somewhere about the Pluto Project.
Perhaps we've overlooked something
in Benson's alibi.
Charles Benson.
We must maintain our schedule.
How long to Bladensburg?
It's only 17.5 miles from here.
We'll be on time.
Let's get started.
I'm glad you're feeling better, Professor.
Thank you for your concern.
I'm glad to be alive for many reasons.
The bubonic plague, for heaven's sake...
and Wonder Woman saving my life.
Do you feel up to answering
a few questions?
Of course, Major.
What do you want to know?
The man that broke in,
can you tell us exactly how it happened?
It happened so quickly. It was mealtime.
He was dressed like an orderly
from the mess hall.
Can you remember
any specific physical details?
Did he seem physically healthy?
Yes, he was an athletic man,
striking really.
We were standing several feet apart.
He was tall and distinguished,
with intelligent steel-blue eyes.
In fact, there was something
very gentlemanly about him.
Gentlemanly?
He nearly strangled you, Professor.
That's the point. It's difficult to explain,
but still, there was something.
No, not honorable.
Maybe "professional"
is the word I'm looking for.
He certainly knew
what he was looking for.
He must have thought
that he had really strangled me.
Because I remember
picking up the phone...
and this arm around my neck
and then, suddenly, all went black.
Charles, are you all right?
I must be catching a cold, that's all.
Let's not take any chances.
Diana, call Dr. Barnes
and bring the staff car.
Yes, sir, right away.
Professor.
All right, Mr. Benson,
I think you better go now.
No, I can't.
It wouldn't be fair to leave the Professor
with all this work.
I'll see my own family doctor
when I have time. I'm fine.
It'd be a lot fairer to Prof. Warren
to have you here in good health.
The Professor has been inoculated.
But you both may have been exposed
to bubonic plague.
- Bubonic plague?
- That's right.
You'll do yourself
and the Professor a favor...
once you put yourself
in the hands of proper medical aid.
- Come, I'll get you down to the car.
- No, I'll stay.
Listen, we're tracking a man
infected with bubonic plague.
You may have picked it up.
But how?
Charles had no contact with the thief.
Not during the robbery.
But the thief you described
could easily be the man we're looking for.
You have been in contact
with the Falcon, haven't you?
Stop it.
Don't make me use this.
Give me the new keys
to the security system.
Charles, please!
Think of what you're doing.
Now!
Guard, come in here!
- Did he take the only key?
- Yes, it's a special new security lock.
Try the phones.
Help me break down the door.
You must now tell the truth.
You are working with the Falcon.
And he's working for the Nazis.
Yes, I am. He is.
Where is the Falcon?
You know he's very dangerous.
You must tell me, please!
Where is the Falcon?
When he regains consciousness,
he'll tell you where the Falcon is...
and what he plans to do.
He could be in a coma for days.
By then it may be too late.
Now we know the Falcon
stole the Pluto Files...
and Charles helped him.
It was the Falcon who attempted
to assassinate Prof. Warren.
The Falcon is deadly enough.
Now we know surely
he's carrying the plague.
Apparently, he doesn't even know it.
- How much farther to Bladensburg?
- It's only a few miles.
But the gas tank's nearly empty.
To assume, you didn't fill it up
before we started?
Everything's rationed.
What'll it be?
I would like for you to fill it up.
My friend tells me
we shall have to settle for 2 gallons.
Yes, sir. You guys must be lost.
We don't get many strangers
out here since the highway was finished.
We'd appreciate a bit of haste,
if you don't mind.
Yes, sir.
It seems like
it's right in the middle of nowhere.
Exactly. Precisely why
the Americans chose this spot...
for one of their experimental
atomic reactor laboratories.
If Benson's information is correct...
it should be several miles
beyond that gate.
- It certainly is well hidden.
- Yes, of course.
The Pluto Project will blow it up.
They've been working so hard
on developing atomic energy.
It becomes a supreme irony, doesn't it?
The first atomic explosion
will destroy Washington, D.C.
Maj. Trevor's office.
Yes. When?
Thank you, Doctor.
Steve, that was Dr. Barnes.
Another case of bubonic plague
has been reported.
Where?
The patient's being taken to Walter Reed...
so Dr. Barnes
can look after him personally.
Where was the patient when he got sick?
A small town not far from here.
Bladensburg, Maryland.
Gen. Blankenship asked us to meet him
at a top-security installation...
in that same area.
Any other information about the patient?
No, just his name.
Robin Jensen. A teenager.
Steve, we could stop by the hospital
on our way to meet the General.
Good idea. If he can talk,
he can put us closer on the Falcon's trail.
Hi, Bobby. How're you feeling?
As if I got kicked in the chest by a mule.
You're a strong young man.
They got you here early enough.
You'll shake this thing.
What you've got
is a highly infectious disease.
We must know everyone
you've been in contact with...
especially any strangers.
A couple of guys
did come by this morning.
Do you remember what they looked like?
They were 30.
The bigger guy looked like
maybe he was an athlete.
He stayed in the car.
The shorter guy, the driver...
had dark hair.
What kind of a car was it?
A black coupe.
All dusty.
Did they say where they were going?
Must have been
somewhere around Bladensburg.
Thanks, Bobby, you've been a big help.
Morning, Major, ma'am.
May I see your authorization, please?
Thank you, Major. Proceed.
It's not often you see a top-secret
security operation run as tightly as this.
- This is the last checkpoint, isn't it?
- Yes, it is.
Open the gate.
The boy was positive
they were heading toward Bladensburg?
Yes, sir. We've just spoken with him.
Excuse me.
Is there any connection between
this installation and the Pluto Project?
Could that be
why the Falcon is in this area?
There is no relationship between the two
experimental projects, whatsoever.
But if the Falcon
is trying to join the two...
then a great many lives
could be in grave danger.
What is the nature of this Project 741?
Why is it so important?
Project 741 is a part
of The Manhattan Project.
It is a stationary laboratory
with a cyclotron reactor.
It fuses uranium and plutonium atoms.
The result is a form of energy
we don't yet know how to control.
We only know it's tremendous.
If the Falcon is in the area...
the guard around this site
should be increased immediately.
That's the last batch.
According to Benson's chart, we're all set.
Exactly five miles from that reactor...
we sufficiently ringed
the perimeter with explosives...
that should be just enough force
to squeeze the Earth's crusts...
and shift the ground
between that cyclotron reactor.
All right, strip those wires
and we're ready.
These fuses aren't going to go
till we're more than 25 miles from here.
They'll go one at a time. We'll be far away.
We'll be well out of harm's way. Let's go.
As you know, we've been working
on this project for over two years...
and we're finally making
some significant headway.
We've doubled the guard
around the site perimeter.
- Very good, Steve.
- And we're activating the core...
so we can't stop the experiment
for 24 hours. This way, please.
The control rods
are set within the safety limits.
All the walls are lead. The possible
energy force we're dealing with...
has a potential of millions of tons of TNT.
That's very impressive.
Excuse me, sir, I'd like to go up
to another level for a few moments.
- You all right, Diana?
- Yes, I'm fine.
I'm sure it's just a reaction
to that inoculation we all had.
General.
Well, that's that.
Nothing can stop the pattern
once it's started.
Then this whole place goes up.
No, the whole county goes up. Come on.
We can now duplicate
the sun's fusion of hydrogen nuclei.
This takes place at a temperature
previously unknown to Earth...
20 million degrees centigrade.
That's incredible!
1 pound of uranium 238
equals over 2 million tons of coal.
- You have to shut the reactor core down.
- But that's impossible.
A major enemy agent
is operating in this area.
He's stolen the Pluto File.
That's a top-secret project
on earthquake experiments.
The reason we built the reactor here
is because this is not a fault area.
The Pluto File has to do
with inducing man-made earthquakes.
The Falcon has chosen his target well.
This earthquake is intended
to make your reactor into a huge bomb.
- Shut it down!
- I can't. Not for 24 hours.
Sir, I have to order you to shut it down.
I'm sorry, General. It's just not possible.
You must have a failsafe plan
in case of an emergency.
This is a Class One emergency.
I'll have to get the President's
authorization to try cooling the core.
The risk is very great. It's never been
tried under these circumstances.
I'll call the President.
According to Prof. Warren's Pluto File...
now that we've got
the explosives started...
the tremors should progress with
increasing force over the next eight hours.
And there isn't anything
anyone can do about it.
In point of fact, Frank, you're wrong.
There is one person
who might be able to stop it...
America's foremost seismologist,
Prof. Warren.
He discovered
how to induce an earthquake.
He may figure out how to stop one.
What are you going to do?
What I intended to do originally
before Wonder Woman interfered.
Eliminate Prof. Warren.
I have to find countermeasures
to stop these induced tremors.
It's a part of the project
that I've barely investigated.
I've already alerted Dr. Norris
and Maj. Trevor that I'm here with you.
Is there anything I can do
to help stop these tremors?
We'll need quotations from these tables
of square roots and logarithms.
Let's see. "Hooke's laws.
The law of harmonic motion. "
Wonder Woman, give me
the square root of potential energy.
Of course, I was very good in school.
Let's try, "E" equals half...
KA squared, sine squared...
- omega "T"...
- Extraordinary.
Absolutely extraordinary.
Thank you.
No doubt they'll be expecting me.
We'll wait here for a moment.
See if there's any change
in the guard's routine.
- How long?
- We should know soon.
When the President authorized
the Manhattan Project...
he thought it would be
a fast way to end the war.
Now you're telling us
it's a fast way to end Washington.
It's the fastest.
I've got my men combing the area.
We tried to stop the explosions
that start the tremors...
but the earthquake's already begun.
Dr. Norris must be given permission
to cool the reactor down.
It's a method we haven't used.
If it stabilizes the temperature, fine.
If it doesn't...
Very well.
- All right, Dr. Norris, go ahead.
- Yes, sir.
What other suggestions would you
have me carry back to the President?
Evacuate Washington... fast.
That is just not possible!
Then get out as many people as you can.
I'm sorry. I just can't believe
that this is as serious as you say it is.
Man-made earthquake!
Now how do you feel, Mr. Porter?
I'm afraid you've made a believer
out of me.
If it is man-made, then there must be
a man-made way to stop it.
Prof. Warren's working on it now
with Wonder Woman.
And we dispatched additional troops
to guard Prof. Warren.
Very good. Then he's our only hope.
We can't evacuate in time.
The lives of everyone in Washington
are in his hands.
All right, men, off the truck.
Let's go. Move them out.
- More guards.
- Yes, just as I said.
Now they realize how important
Prof. Warren is to our plan.
- Are you ready?
- Yes.
All right, let's get to work quickly.
All right. When that guard gets
to the back of the institute building...
you head for those bushes.
You'll have 20 seconds, plenty of time.
I can make it.
When you're in those bushes
you await your best chance.
Run towards that fence where that gate is.
And make sure they see you.
Yes, that should be enough of a diversion
to let me get to that rear door.
Then once I'm inside...
I'll be able to finish our business
with the good Professor.
Now.
Halt! Who goes there?
Corporal of the Guard!
I'd better go see what that's about.
Stay back.
Put the gun down.
There's no way to escape.
We don't want to hurt you.
Please stay back.
Call an ambulance, but don't get near him.
Seal off the street
and cover the back fence.
I have a feeling he might have a partner
around here someplace.
Go, quickly.
- What was that all about?
- They caught a man in the rear area.
He had a gun and I believe
he's working with the Falcon.
But even if he's not,
the Falcon is still on the loose.
I won't leave your side
from now on, Professor.
Are you making any progress?
Some, with your help.
But I haven't got the answer yet.
Keep trying. I'm sure
you'll find a solution.
By now that reactor core
is beyond the limit of a safe temperature.
The temperature readings are critical.
382, and rising.
The special coolant isn't working properly.
- That's up 54 in the last 15 minutes.
- I know.
At 400, we should get out of here.
Where are we gonna go?
We'd have to travel 25 miles
in the next few minutes.
It's no use.
Integral calculus is always problematical.
By taking this term
and substituting that for "A"...
and this term
and substituting that for "K"...
putting those into
our original energy equation, perhaps...
Magnificent. Simplicity itself.
You have an extraordinary mind,
Wonder Woman.
More chalk. It's in the storeroom.
Second shelf. Any color will do.
Good evening, Professor.
You've come back.
What for? Haven't you done enough?
Not quite. You see, Prof. Warren...
I hate loose ends.
And I'm very much afraid
you're a loose end.
- And you as well, Wonder Woman.
- You know that's useless, Falcon.
- Your game is over.
- No, I don't think so.
Don't you care about the lives
you've put in danger?
Are you so cold, so professional?
Yes, I am indeed a professional.
I learned at a very early age
to depend only upon myself.
Don't you realize you may be responsible
for the destruction of an entire city?
This man has
no sense of morality, Professor.
Obviously, he has so little regard
for other people's lives...
that he must hate himself very much.
'Course I could remind you
that there's a war.
And I will not argue morality with you,
Wonder Woman.
I am interested in doing my job properly...
and, as I said, without loose ends.
Listen to me, Falcon.
Your own life is in danger.
If you don't let us help you, you will die.
You have bubonic plague.
- You expect me to believe that?
- Two weeks ago, you were in India.
Yes, perhaps.
There was an outbreak of the plague
in India exactly then. You're a carrier.
You've already infected three people so far
that we know of...
including Camilla Moret.
- Camilla?
- Yes.
All right, very well.
Perhaps this is useless against you.
But these chemicals are not!
- Water, please.
- On the way.
- Thank you.
- That's it.
The simplest possible answer.
And just in time.
Dr. Norris? Professor Otis Warren.
The effective countermeasure
is to flood water within the reactor core...
not your special coolant.
Thank you.
- Remarkable man, Prof. Warren.
- Yes, he is.
And you, too, Wonder Woman.
Yes, I'm a seismologist,
not a nuclear scientist, but this I know.
Replace the coolant with the flow of water
and the reactor will cool.
Isn't it is a pity
we aren't all on the same side?
Well, it's never too late to change, Falcon.
The tremors will pass. They'll peak at 4.2
and subside within three hours.
Trust me, I know a little something
about chemistry, too.
It's our only chance. Good luck!
- Is everything gonna be all right?
- It's fine.
It's fine for those nuclear whiz kids.
But, for myself...
one day I'd like to discover
how to stop an earthquake.
Dr. Barnes just brought me up-to-date
on his roster of bubonic plague patients.
They're all responding to the antibiotics.
Camilla Moret in New York,
the Marine guards, Sgt. Evans and Bobby.
They're all going to be fine.
- Good. How about Benson and Willis?
- They're gonna be fine, too.
- And the Falcon?
- He pulled through.
But I'm sure Uncle Sam
is gonna have plans for him.
What are they gonna do to him?
I'm afraid his
professional career is over.
When he does recover,
he'll be interned for the rest of the war.
You know, he's lucky to be alive.
- That man must be stronger than a bull.
- He's also very clever and intelligent.
It's a shame he chose to lead
such a destructive life.
But at least he'll have time to think.
Perhaps he'll find a more useful way
to direct his energies.
That's the kind of positive thinking
Wonder Woman would have, Diana.
- Good thinking.
- Thank you.
I'm glad you and Wonder Woman approve.
English
Shared by http://DJJ.HOME.SAPO.PT/
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org